README.md, before:

<h1 align="center">Hello, GitHub! 👋. </h1>
<h1 align="center">I'm Rachel Tipton - Full Stack Developer</h1>
<h3 align="center">🇺🇸  🇫🇷 🇧🇪 🇪🇺 </h3>

👩‍💻 I’m a Full Stack Developer with 2-3 years of experience. I’m actively seeking a developer role with a scale-up or mid-size internationally-focused company that has a strong team culture and clear career progression.

👩🏻‍🎤🧑🏾‍🎤 Outside of work, I love to collaborate on projects and am currently finishing my Solo Project with [Chingu](https://www.chingu.io/howItWorks) so I can join one of their team Voyage projects. I'm currently working on a Task Management Calendar App. Feel free to check out the [frontend](https://github.com/rachel-labri-tipton/zoku-next-frontend-app) and [backend](https://github.com/rachel-labri-tipton/zoku-calendar-app-backend) code. 

In addition to my love for coding, I have high emotional intellgence and remarkable communication skills. 🌝 

<h3 align="left">This year I'm...</h3>

- 🌱 Building projects that deepen my knowledge and experience in the following technologies: TypeScript, React, NodeJS, PostgreSQL, MongoDB, Docker, Terraform, AWS.
- 🤿 Diving deeper into core computer science concepts by studying Data Structures and Algorithms and have set up a [repository](https://github.com/rachel-labri-tipton/data-structures-and-algorithms) to do exactly that. This summer I'm participating in Women Coding Community's LeetCode Summer Bootcamp. 


<h3 align="left">Work Experience</h3>
<details>
<summary>
Full Stack Software Engineer at Brightbook (June 2024 - October 2024)
</summary>
<p><a href="https:">Brightbook</a> is an L&D platform with a TypeScript/React frontend and a PostgreSQL/Ruby on Rails backend using TDD principles. My work focused on improving the subscription and invoicing processes.</p> 
</details>

<details>
<summary>
Full Stack Developer at Open Climate Fix (September 2022 - April 2024)
</summary>
Open Climate Fix is an AI company building Quartz Solar, a renewable energy forecasting solution. My work on the Quartz Solar UI and API brought the work of OCF's ML engineers to users. Here is the <a href="https://github.com/openclimatefix/quartz-frontend" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer">code</a>. Here is the <a href="https://www.quartz.solar/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer">product page</a>. I also wrote <a href="https://api.quartz.solar/docs" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer">API Documentation</a> and built an <a href="https://github.com/openclimatefix/analysis-dashboard" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer">Analytics Dashboard</a> for ML engineers to monitor forecast model performance. 
In addition to getting a first experience in tech, I learned about the energy sector and the role open source code and community has to play in the energy transition and decarbonizing energy systems. 
</details>

<details>
<summary>More About Me</summary>
✨ I am a former University English Professor and Freelance Technical Editor & Translator who retooled as a Software Engineer with General Assembly's Software Engineering Immersive (November 2021 - May 2022). 🐬  💫  🐳  ✨ 
</details>

<details>
<summary>General Assembly Software Engineering Immersive Bootcamp Projects List</summary>
 - Project 4 The Community Project: : <a href="https://github.com/rachel-labri-tipton/the-community-project-frontend" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer">Frontend Code</a>/ <a href="https://github.com/rachel-labri-tipton/sei-project4-backend" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer">Backend Code</a></li>
<li>Project 3 Simply Good Food: <a href="https://github.com/rachel-labri-tipton/project-3-client-" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer">Frontend Code</a>/ <a href="https://github.com/rachel-labri-tipton/project-3-backend" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer">Backend Code</a></li>
<li>Project 2 Local Space Station (LSS):: <a href="https://github.com/rachel-labri-tipton/project-2" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer">Code</a></li>
<li>Project 1 Tetris 2.022: <a href="https://github.com/rachel-labri-tipton/sei-project1-tetris" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer">Code</a></li>
</ul>
</details>

<h3 align="left">Connect with me:</h3>
<p align="left">
<a href="https://linkedin.com/in/rachel l'abri tipton" target="blank"><img align="center" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/rahuldkjain/github-profile-readme-generator/master/src/images/icons/Social/linked-in-alt.svg" alt="rachel l'abri tipton" height="30" width="40" /></a>
<a href="https://medium.com/@rachel-labri-tipton" target="blank"><img align="center" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/rahuldkjain/github-profile-readme-generator/master/src/images/icons/Social/medium.svg" alt="@rachel-labri-tipton" height="30" width="40" /></a>
</p>

<h3 align="left">Languages and Tools:</h3>
<p align="left">
<a href="https://www.w3schools.com/css/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/css3/css3-original-wordmark.svg" alt="css3" width="40" height="40"/></a>
<a href="https://www.docker.com/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/docker/docker-original-wordmark.svg" alt="docker" width="40" height="40"/></a>
<a href="https://www.figma.com/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"><img src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/figma/figma-icon.svg" alt="figma" width="40" height="40"/></a> <a href="https://git-scm.com/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"><img src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/git-scm/git-scm-icon.svg" alt="git" width="40" height="40"/></a> <a href="https://golang.org" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/go/go-original.svg" alt="go" width="40" height="40"/></a>
<a href="https://www.w3.org/html/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/html5/html5-original-wordmark.svg" alt="html5" width="40" height="40"/></a>
<a href="https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/javascript/javascript-original.svg" alt="javascript" width="40" height="40"/></a>
<a href="https://jestjs.io" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/jestjsio/jestjsio-icon.svg" alt="jest" width="40" height="40"/></a> <a href="https://www.linux.org/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/linux/linux-original.svg" alt="linux" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.mongodb.com/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/mongodb/mongodb-original-wordmark.svg" alt="mongodb" width="40" height="40"/></a>
<a href="https://nextjs.org/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"><img src="https://cdn.worldvectorlogo.com/logos/nextjs-2.svg" alt="nextjs" width="40" height="40"/></a>
<a href="https://nodejs.org" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/nodejs/nodejs-original-wordmark.svg" alt="nodejs" width="40" height="40"/></a>
<a href="https://pandas.pydata.org/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/2ae2a900d2f041da66e950e4d48052658d850630/icons/pandas/pandas-original.svg" alt="pandas" width="40" height="40"/></a> <a href="https://www.postgresql.org" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/postgresql/postgresql-original-wordmark.svg" alt="postgresql" width="40" height="40"/></a>
<a href="https://postman.com" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"><img src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/getpostman/getpostman-icon.svg" alt="postman" width="40" height="40"/></a>
<a href="https://www.python.org" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/python/python-original.svg" alt="python" width="40" height="40"/></a>
<a href="https://reactjs.org/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/react/react-original-wordmark.svg" alt="react" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://sass-lang.com" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/sass/sass-original.svg" alt="sass" width="40" height="40"/></a>
<a href="https://tailwindcss.com/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/tailwindcss/tailwindcss-icon.svg" alt="tailwind" width="40" height="40"/></a>
<a href="https://www.typescriptlang.org/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/typescript/typescript-original.svg" alt="typescript" width="40" height="40"/></a>
<a href="https://aws.amazon.com" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/amazonwebservices/amazonwebservices-original-wordmark.svg" alt="aws" width="40" height="40"/></a></p>


<p><img align="center" src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs?username=rachel-labri-tipton&show_icons=true&locale=en&layout=compact" alt="rachel-labri-tipton" /></p>

Commit message:

Update README with recent accomplishments and projects
Added recent accomplishment and project details to README.

README.md, after:

<h1 align="center">Hello, GitHub! 👋. </h1>
<h1 align="center">I'm Rachel Tipton - Full Stack Developer</h1>
<h3 align="center">🇺🇸  🇫🇷 🇧🇪 🇪🇺 </h3>

👩‍💻 I’m a Full Stack Developer with 2-3 years of experience. I’m actively seeking a developer role with a scale-up or mid-size internationally-focused company that has a strong team culture and clear career progression.

One of my recent accomplishments in completing Chingo Voyage 56 with a team of 3 other developers. 

👩🏻‍🎤🧑🏾‍🎤 Outside of work, I love to collaborate on projects and am currently finishing my Solo Project with [Chingu](https://www.chingu.io/howItWorks) so I can join one of their team Voyage projects. I'm currently working on a Task Management Calendar App. Feel free to check out the [frontend](https://github.com/rachel-labri-tipton/zoku-next-frontend-app) and [backend](https://github.com/rachel-labri-tipton/zoku-calendar-app-backend) code. 

In addition to my love for coding, I have high emotional intellgence and remarkable communication skills. 🌝 

<h3 align="left">This year I'm...</h3>

- 🌱 Building projects that deepen my knowledge and experience in the following technologies: TypeScript, React, NodeJS, PostgreSQL, MongoDB, Docker, Terraform, AWS.
- 🤿 Diving deeper into core computer science concepts by studying Data Structures and Algorithms and have set up a [repository](https://github.com/rachel-labri-tipton/data-structures-and-algorithms) to do exactly that. This summer I'm participating in Women Coding Community's LeetCode Summer Bootcamp. 


<h3 align="left">Work Experience</h3>
<details>
<summary>
Full Stack Software Engineer at Brightbook (June 2024 - October 2024)
</summary>
<p><a href="https:">Brightbook</a> is an L&D platform with a TypeScript/React frontend and a PostgreSQL/Ruby on Rails backend using TDD principles. My work focused on improving the subscription and invoicing processes.</p> 
</details>

<details>
<summary>
Full Stack Developer at Open Climate Fix (September 2022 - April 2024)
</summary>
Open Climate Fix is an AI company building Quartz Solar, a renewable energy forecasting solution. My work on the Quartz Solar UI and API brought the work of OCF's ML engineers to users. Here is the <a href="https://github.com/openclimatefix/quartz-frontend" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer">code</a>. Here is the <a href="https://www.quartz.solar/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer">product page</a>. I also wrote <a href="https://api.quartz.solar/docs" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer">API Documentation</a> and built an <a href="https://github.com/openclimatefix/analysis-dashboard" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer">Analytics Dashboard</a> for ML engineers to monitor forecast model performance. 
In addition to getting a first experience in tech, I learned about the energy sector and the role open source code and community has to play in the energy transition and decarbonizing energy systems. 
</details>

<details>
<summary>More About Me</summary>
✨ I am a former University English Professor and Freelance Technical Editor & Translator who retooled as a Software Engineer with General Assembly's Software Engineering Immersive (November 2021 - May 2022). 🐬  💫  🐳  ✨ 
</details>

<details>
<summary>General Assembly Software Engineering Immersive Bootcamp Projects List</summary>
 - Project 4 The Community Project: : <a href="https://github.com/rachel-labri-tipton/the-community-project-frontend" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer">Frontend Code</a>/ <a href="https://github.com/rachel-labri-tipton/sei-project4-backend" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer">Backend Code</a></li>
<li>Project 3 Simply Good Food: <a href="https://github.com/rachel-labri-tipton/project-3-client-" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer">Frontend Code</a>/ <a href="https://github.com/rachel-labri-tipton/project-3-backend" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer">Backend Code</a></li>
<li>Project 2 Local Space Station (LSS):: <a href="https://github.com/rachel-labri-tipton/project-2" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer">Code</a></li>
<li>Project 1 Tetris 2.022: <a href="https://github.com/rachel-labri-tipton/sei-project1-tetris" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer">Code</a></li>
</ul>
</details>

<h3 align="left">Connect with me:</h3>
<p align="left">
<a href="https://linkedin.com/in/rachel l'abri tipton" target="blank"><img align="center" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/rahuldkjain/github-profile-readme-generator/master/src/images/icons/Social/linked-in-alt.svg" alt="rachel l'abri tipton" height="30" width="40" /></a>
<a href="https://medium.com/@rachel-labri-tipton" target="blank"><img align="center" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/rahuldkjain/github-profile-readme-generator/master/src/images/icons/Social/medium.svg" alt="@rachel-labri-tipton" height="30" width="40" /></a>
</p>

<h3 align="left">Languages and Tools:</h3>
<p align="left">
<a href="https://www.w3schools.com/css/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/css3/css3-original-wordmark.svg" alt="css3" width="40" height="40"/></a>
<a href="https://www.docker.com/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/docker/docker-original-wordmark.svg" alt="docker" width="40" height="40"/></a>
<a href="https://www.figma.com/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"><img src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/figma/figma-icon.svg" alt="figma" width="40" height="40"/></a> <a href="https://git-scm.com/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"><img src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/git-scm/git-scm-icon.svg" alt="git" width="40" height="40"/></a> <a href="https://golang.org" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/go/go-original.svg" alt="go" width="40" height="40"/></a>
<a href="https://www.w3.org/html/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/html5/html5-original-wordmark.svg" alt="html5" width="40" height="40"/></a>
<a href="https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/javascript/javascript-original.svg" alt="javascript" width="40" height="40"/></a>
<a href="https://jestjs.io" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/jestjsio/jestjsio-icon.svg" alt="jest" width="40" height="40"/></a> <a href="https://www.linux.org/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/linux/linux-original.svg" alt="linux" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.mongodb.com/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/mongodb/mongodb-original-wordmark.svg" alt="mongodb" width="40" height="40"/></a>
<a href="https://nextjs.org/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"><img src="https://cdn.worldvectorlogo.com/logos/nextjs-2.svg" alt="nextjs" width="40" height="40"/></a>
<a href="https://nodejs.org" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/nodejs/nodejs-original-wordmark.svg" alt="nodejs" width="40" height="40"/></a>
<a href="https://pandas.pydata.org/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/2ae2a900d2f041da66e950e4d48052658d850630/icons/pandas/pandas-original.svg" alt="pandas" width="40" height="40"/></a> <a href="https://www.postgresql.org" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/postgresql/postgresql-original-wordmark.svg" alt="postgresql" width="40" height="40"/></a>
<a href="https://postman.com" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"><img src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/getpostman/getpostman-icon.svg" alt="postman" width="40" height="40"/></a>
<a href="https://www.python.org" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/python/python-original.svg" alt="python" width="40" height="40"/></a>
<a href="https://reactjs.org/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/react/react-original-wordmark.svg" alt="react" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://sass-lang.com" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/sass/sass-original.svg" alt="sass" width="40" height="40"/></a>
<a href="https://tailwindcss.com/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/tailwindcss/tailwindcss-icon.svg" alt="tailwind" width="40" height="40"/></a>
<a href="https://www.typescriptlang.org/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/typescript/typescript-original.svg" alt="typescript" width="40" height="40"/></a>
<a href="https://aws.amazon.com" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/amazonwebservices/amazonwebservices-original-wordmark.svg" alt="aws" width="40" height="40"/></a></p>


<p><img align="center" src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs?username=rachel-labri-tipton&show_icons=true&locale=en&layout=compact" alt="rachel-labri-tipton" /></p>
